disallow `VALID` <-> `INVALID` equivocation (#493)
ethereum/execution-apis: src/engine/paris.md

      payload satisfying the above conditions.
  * Client software **MUST NOT** surface an `INVALID` payload over any API endpoint and p2p interface.

> 4. Client software **MUST** not classify the same payload as either both `INVALID` and `VALID` or `INVALID_BLOCK_HASH` and `VALID`.

Reviewer: What if we put it this way:

4. Validation process **MUST** be idempotent with respect to the payload status. That is, if `engine_newPayload` or `engine_forkchoiceUpdated` responded with either `VALID` or `INVALID | INVALID_BLOCK_HASH` payload status, a future call to these methods **MUST** keep returning that status given the same payload is passed onto the call.

Author: This is probably clear enough about handling `SYNCING | ACCEPTED`. As far as I can tell both per spec and practically, it's okay for an EL to vacillate between either `INVALID | INVALID_BLOCK_HASH` and `SYNCING | ACCEPTED` (e.g., because it doesn't have a reference state accessible to check the block against anymore), and similarly between `SYNCING | ACCEPTED` and `VALID`.

So this create a larger change, perhaps a worthwhile one (it's a little weird to see a CL return `VALID` on a block then `SYNCING` on the same block 10 seconds later, and maybe the spec shouldn't allow that), but it is a change, moreso than the wording as written so far.

I'm not opposed to either though, and in many ways, your wording makes more for a more useful spec.

Reviewer: I think changing from `VALID` to `NOT_VALIDATED` may only happen is some edge cases and I guess ELs if store a block into their DB can conclude it is valid even though validation process can’t be run due to lack of e.g. a pre-state. We can also append the following to clarify this:

Additionally, `VALID`, `INVALID`, `INVALID_BLOCK_HASH` are considered as the end statuses that **MUST** never change once concluded.

(i am not sure that *concluded* term would be the right one to use in this context, happy to replace it with something more suitable)

Reviewer: From the [ACDE#175](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/901) call: `INVALID -> SYNCING` status transition should be allowed because different sync strategies employed by EL clients may not support `INVALID` to be an end state.

Author: And there was some preference to make this explicit, as I understand it.

> 4. Client software **MUST** not classify the same payload as either both `INVALID` and `VALID` or `INVALID_BLOCK_HASH` and `VALID`.

Reviewer: Considering inputs from the call and during a follow-up discussion we ended up with the following statement:
```suggestion
4. Payload validation process **MUST** be idempotent with respect to payload's validity status (`VALID | INVALID`), i.e. a payload which validity status is `INVALID (INVALID_BLOCK_HASH)` **MUST NOT** become `VALID` and vice versa at any point in time when it subsequently passes the validation process. Client software **MAY** change payload status from `INVALID` to `SYNCING | ACCEPTED` as long as the payload remains `INVALID` as a result of any subsequent pass of the validation process.
```
